document_index,question,answer
0,Which enemy types wield an AK-47?,Assault-rifle wielding Bullet and Tankers wield AK-47s.
0,What makes jammed enemies different?,"Jammed Keybullet Kin drop 2 keys instead of 1, jammed Chance Kins have a chance to drop twice the loot, and jammed red-Caped Bullet Kin deal contact damage. Additionally, Jammed Keybullet Kin Jammed variations run faster and will take less time to teleport away from the player if they are not destroyed quickly."
1,What enemies are encountered in the second encounter?,26 kobolds and 1 kobold inventor are encountered in the second encounter.
1,What monsters are encountered in this journey?,"Ropers, kobolds, kobold inventors, fire giants, and fire giant dreadnoughts."
2,What framework was chosen to execute the RAG process and what alternatives were considered?,The LangChain framework was used to orchestrate the RAG process. Llamaindex and LitGPT were also considered during development. Llmware was considered after development had finished.
5,What are the given examples of common challenges?,The given examples of common challenges are: "you create a comprehensive analysis but nobody is acting on it"; "you ran an experiment but nobody is using the results"; "you built a predictive model, but the team you built it for is not using it"; and "you created a dashboard but nobody is looking at it".
5,What are the four steps to become more impact-focused?,The four steps to become more impact-focused are: "Step 1: Understand what impact looks like for your role and measure your success accordingly", "Step 2: Ensure your work solves a real business problem", "Step 3: Ensure there is buy-in for your work", and "Step 4: Focus your time on the highest-impact thing".
6,What are the risk classifications for AI?,The risk classifications are: "minimal risk", "high-risk", "unacceptable risk", and "specific transparency risk"
6,What are the rules for developing general purpose AI models?,General purpose AI models that were trained using a total computing power of more than 10^25 FLOPs are considered to carry systemic risks. 12 months after the AI Act enters into force, the obligations for general purpose AI governance become applicable. Providers of general purpose AI models, which are trained on large data amounts and therefore prone to high energy consumption, are required to disclose energy consumption. Providers of free and open-source models are exempted from most of obligations, but this exemption does not cover obligations for providers of general purpose AI models with systemic risks.